0.58.{1,2,3} (#82)
react-native-community/react-native-releases: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## [0.58.3]

> This release resolves [these issues](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/compare/v0.58.2...v0.58.3) regarding flowtypes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release fixes a StatusBar related crash that [a commit was causing](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/compare/v0.58.2...v0.58.3) - so it has been reverted.
```

## [0.58.2]

> This release resolves [these issues](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/compare/v0.58.1...v0.58.2) regarding missed commits from a previous merge.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release brings back these [commits](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/compare/v0.58.1...v0.58.2) which went "lost" during a cherry-pick reverse.
```
